Alice.
You're a woman, right?
Uh-oh.
So, I am in the market
for a prom date.
Prom.
Wow, look at you!
Anyway, when you went to prom,
what did your Prince Charming
say to sweep you
off your feet?
I need the exact
string of words.
I actually
didn't go to prom.
Oh, 'cause, like,
prom hadn't been invented yet?
No.
Prom just wasn't my thing.
But tons of guys asked me.
Oh, great. Give me
the best of the best.
This one cute guy
said, "You are the single
most beautiful rose
in the desert wasteland
that is European History
since 1500, milady.
Will you go to
prom with me?"
Okay, I just recorded everything
you said with voice-to-text,
I'm deleting that
boring history stuff, and send.
Send?
No send, Andy.
You can't send it in a text,
you have to ask in person.
Oh, no, that would take
way too long.
Look, I just sent this
to 37 different girls
in my school.
You know.
Gonna cast a wide net.
[ Cellphone vibrates ]
Looks like we have...
our first no.
Well,
it's a numbers game.
I'm not worried.
[ Cellphone vibrating ]
"No." "No."
"Unsubscribe"?
Mm.
Well, at least
they're replying to me
in a timely fashion.
And in all caps.
Andy...
[ Doorbell rings ]
Yay!
Strangers at the door!
I got it!
Is Dora home?
Dora!
Some dork
is at the door!
Oops, I forgot to use
my inside voice.
Gabe?
Oh, crap.
Three, four.
* Hold on, little girl
* Show me
what he's done to you *
* Stand up, little girl
* A broken heart
can't be that bad *
What the hell
is happening?
It's so adorable.
Dora's being asked to the prom
by some dude named Gabe.
* So come on, baby,
come on over *
* Let me be the one
to show you *
* I'm the one
who wants to go *
* To prom with you
Oh.
[ Chuckles ]
Poor, stupid Gabe.
* I know
you feel it, too *
Yeah, I'm gonna
stop you right there.
Uh, I don't
feel it, too.
Prom's not really
my thing.
I guess what I'm trying
to say is...
Thank you
for the opportunity.
Dora: Anytime!
Sorry.
She said no.
Mary:
This is Alice.
When she was a kid, she dreamed
up me to be her bff.
Now my girl
has finally fallen in love,
but she's in way over her head,
so I'm back to help.
I've got this
all figured out.
No, you don't.
No, I don't.
-- Captions by VITAC --
I cannot believe
Dora said no
to that adorable
prom proposal.
The old wound
is reopened now.
I should've gone to prom.
It's my biggest regret.
That's your
biggest regret?
I've seen you eat a hot dog
you dropped in the subway.
I've seen you
punch a bird.
I didn't punch the bird,
the bird flew at my face
and I gently shooed it
to the ground.
This is gently shooing.
This -- Ah! --
is a bird slap.
But whatever.
You should talk to Dora.
I'm gonna go
talk to Dora.
So no one asked you to prom
because you punched a bird?
No, people thought I punched
the bird, but that's not...
my main point.
[ Sighs ]
I always
got asked to prom,
and I always said no,
and then in my senior year,
when I actually wanted to go,
no one asked.
Okay.
Maybe prom was cool back in
your day when it was invented...
How old do you guys
think I am?
Point is,
prom is lame.
All the dressing up,
the popular music,
the outdated
gender norms.
Prom's never, like,
like, cool.
Like in the movie
"Carrie."
Every now and then,
pop music
and outdated gender norms
can be fun, Dora.
I don't know.
Plus, I thought Gabe's
prom-posal was pretty brave.
Yeah, it does take
a certain amount of courage
to look like an idiot.
There is something
kind of, like, mysterious
about trombonists.
Sure.
[ Chuckles ]
Is Dora here?
Oh, bro.
Bro, bro, bro.
Dad, I got this.
Three, four.
* Will you go to prom
* With Gabe Bernstein?
* He is quite respectful
It's happening again?
* For a teen
All right, guys.
Please.
I'm saying yes.
Don't make me
change my mind.
Yes!
[ Gasps ]
Thanks, Dora.
I'm so excited.
You sure are.
Bye.
Yes!
Whoa, whoa.
What was that?
I thought prom
wasn't your thing.
It's not, but Alice
kind of freaked me out,
and I don't want
to end up like her.
That is so insulting
and you took my advice!
[ Grunts ]
Can we do prom pictures here?
Ben, can we do
prom pictures here?
No.
I-I'm sorry, okay?
It's just that...
Dora can't go.
What?
Look, you're Andy's
little sister.
You can't
go to prom before him.
It'll send him
off the deep end.
Oh.
That's why
we have the Andy Rule --
You can't achieve
milestones before him.
It's not worth it.
You could've
said something
before I told Gabe
to ask me again.
You were so insistent that prom
was for suck-ass douche lords
that I didn't think
I had to.
So if Andy gets a date,
then I can go?
Absolutely.
So it's not happening.
Hopefully,
Gabe will understand.
Oh, poor kid.
Poor kid?
Poor me.
You almost blew it!
All your prom talk
almost got inside Dora's head.
Wait,
what are you saying?
I'm saying I don't want
Dora to go to prom
because she's
my little baby Princess.
So you're hiding
behind Andy's lack of game
to keep Dora from taking part
in a rite of passage?
No, it's not like that.
Prom is just different for boys.
You get it.
Yeah, I get it.
It's called a double standard.
No, it's two single
and equal standards
that I choose
to measure differently.
Oh, God!
Sorry, just mixing
up my entrances.
We're totally calling him out
on this double standard garbagio
and getting Andy
a date, right?
Oh, hell, yeah.
Slipping, slipping!
Ah!
Hey, champ.
How's it going
on the prom front?
It's good.
I've still got tons of options.
I'm down to four girls.
[ Cellphone vibrates ]
Three girls.
You didn't even look.
Eh. Didn't have to.
There's been a theme.
Okay.
So, clearly mass-texting
your entire class
was not the way to go.
Well, I didn't
text everybody.
I can work with that.
Gonna call out
some lady names here.
And they're all
crossed out.
Laura Wadler.
Boom.
How about her?
She starts fires.
Okay.
Denise Bagley.
She's super nice and cute.
Uh-huh?
But she's going
with Jennifer Gomez.
To elaborate,
they're lovers.
[ Clicks tongue ]
Gotcha. [ Gasps ]
Aww, Clara Chang.
Wasn't she in Dora's play
with you?
You guys
are so cute together.
Man, I...
I can't ask her.
I like her and stuff.
Wait.
You actually like her?
Well, it's more like love.
[ Chuckles ]
Dude! Why didn't you just
ask her in the first place?
A-Again,
because I love her.
I mean, what if
she says no to me?
That would actually
hurt my feelings.
Andy, you're just trying
to protect your little heart.
Oh, actually,
the doctor says it's enlarged.
But yeah.
One no from Clara,
that -- that would --
that would be worse
than a thousand nos
from all these girls.
Andy, you just got
to take a chance.
I mean, look at
me and your dad.
If he hadn't sacked up
and asked me out,
we wouldn't be here now.
You're right. You're totally
out of my dad's league.
I am.
Okay.
I'm gonna ask Clara.
[ Clears throat ]
"Prom,"
question mark...
No, no.
Don't text her.
Oh, no.
Oh, I-I-I just sent it,
and autocorrect changed it
from "prom" to "porn."
What?
Why did it do that?
I don't know!
I've never once
typed in that word before!
Why would I?!
Clearly,
I've been hacked.
I've been hacked by a gross,
shameful,
naturally curious person.
Let's just move on.
We will start
by letting go of this.
We are going to ask Clara
the right way,
with a big
romantic display,
just like all the kids
are doing now.
Okay. Yeah, I'm in.
Okay.
What do I do?
Oh, God.
I'm about to
ask out Clara.
Is that right?
It feels weird in my mouth.
Andy, relax.
This is the cutest prom-posal
your school
has ever seen.
Yeah, okay.
Here goes nothing.
Uh, uh...
[ Gasps ] Oh, no.
Why'd you
throw a rock?!
There were no pebbles!
What about the doorbell?
How am I supposed to hit
the doorbell with a rock?!
Alice, come on!
[ Gasps ]
No. No, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no!
Oh, please,
don't -- stop!
This can't
be happening!
If you were gonna do it,
at least finish your job!
Come back, please!
Sir!
Clara: Andy?
What's happening?
[ Chuckles ]
It's a funny story.
**
Excuse me.
Oh, God, oh, God, oh, God.
This is a disaster and I have
math class first period.
What do I even say to her?
Nothing,
you ditch math -- no.
I'm an adult.
I cannot suggest that.
Oh, no,
she's walking over.
Drive, drive, drive, drive!
Why aren't you driving?!
We can't run away.
You have to talk to her.
Never.
Oh, sweet Lord,
she's knocking on the window.
Andy?
And she's saying my name.
She knows it's me.
I can hear you.
I'm rolling the
window down now.
Don't you dare.
I will never forgive you.
Hey, Clara.
What's shakin', bacon?
Well, you texted me
the word "porn,"
then broke my window,
and also wrote,
"Clara, do me," on the street.
Hmm. Well, someone's
full of herself.
So...are you asking me
to prom or what?
Uh, uh...
Yes, he's asking
you to prom.
Cool. Uh, e-mail me
the deets,
and I'll hit you back with
the bill for my bedroom window.
My parents are irate.
[ Both yelling ]
I just asked Clara to prom
using you as a proxy!
I am the man!
You really are!
Yeah!
This is how we do!
This is how we --
[ Gasps ]
Thank you
for your help with this.
Son of a bitch.
Hi, Mr. Cooper.
Is Dora --
Dora home? I know.
Bro, why are you
doing this?
Oh.
* This is the last time...
A third time?
So exciting.
* I'm gonna ask
* Will you go to prom
* With Gabe at last?
* Gabe, at last
* It's just like a scene
* From a rom-com
* We'll go to Olive Garden
* And then hit prom
* No bottom to
* The breadsticks
[ Chuckles ]
Uh, why all this?
I-I already texted you
we were back on.
I know, but I wanted
to do it right.
You deserve the big ask.
Aww.
[ Groans ]
Well, uh, I'll admit
the song is growing on me.
So, still yes.
Great.
I'm looking forward to it.
Okay. [ Chuckles ]
Bye.
Okay. Bye.
[ Chuckles ]
Okay, bye.
She said yes.
Again!
[ Cheering ]
Dora,
we talked about this.
You can't go unless you-know-who
gets a you-know-what,
which will happen when
you-know-where freezes over.
You didn't hear?
Andy, tell dad
the good news.
You have to pay $358
for a broken window.
What?
And I got
a date to prom.
I got a date
to prom.
No.
Yeah.
No way.
Yes.
No.
Yes!
All thanks to Alice.
She literally
asked for me.
I mean, she said
the words and everything.
Alice,
you are the best.
Now I get to go
to prom!
Good thing you clearly laid out
those super specific rules.
You are
the best, Alice.
Okay, I know this is not
what you intended,
but this
is a very big moment!
Dora took my advice;
Andy, thanks to me, gets a date
with the girl he loves.
I mean, this is great!
Right?
Mm.
Ooh. [ Groans ]
[ Sighs ]
Oh, damn,
he is pissed!
Do you think
I went too far helping Andy?
Hell, No.
One -- the guy is wrong.
Two -- If Ben wants you to get
involved in the kids' lives,
he's got to know
you're gonna bring
your own flavor.
All day.
Flavor's my middle name.
No, it's not.
It's Lurleen.
Shut up.
**
Okay,
you're super angry.
[ Scoffs ]
Me? What makes you say that?
Well, maybe because
you stormed out, and now
you're furiously slathering mayo
on what's shaping up
to be a multi-decker
hate sandwich.
Well, it's just,
I told you I didn't want
Dora to go to prom,
and you forced it to happen.
I'm sorry, it's just I know
what it's like to miss out,
and I don't want Dora
to go through that.
Did you hear her
with that Gabe?
[ As Dora ]
"Okay, bye. Okay, bye."
You know what
I heard?
"Okay, bye, innocence.
Okay, bye, virginity."
You're overreacting.
It's just a school dance.
Prom is a gateway dance.
Ben...
She's growing up, and it's scary
and overwhelming and sad,
and pass me
the pickle chips.
[ Pickles plop ]
Honey,
honey,
I promise you,
when you see Dora
walk down those stairs
wearing a beautiful gown,
all of your fear and anger
will melt away,
and you'll just be left
with super happy dad feels.
Whatever, fine. Everybody
can just do what they want,
because I've obviously
lost control of this family.
The only thing I can control
is this sandwich.
Damn it!
Okay, Andy,
put your arm around Clara.
Here goes everything.
Andy,
lose the hover hand.
The what?
Well, your hand's
just floating high above her.
It's okay, you can
touch my shoulder.
But it's so bare
and well-moisturized.
Look, I like you, dude.
You're not like the other guys.
You're kind of
an oddball.
Thank you.
So...
Damn!
Looking sharp, kiddo.
Dora:
Coming down.
**
Oh, [bleep] no.
[ Music warps and fades ]
What dat?
Nothing.
Dora,
you look...
Wow.
Ben:
Yes, "wow."
You look
so great, honey.
Really, so adult.
Adults only.
You okay, Ben?
Yes!
Big stuff.
Hey, Gabe,
your boutonniere's slipping.
Let me get that for ya.
Is it?
Uh, yes, it is.
Excuse us.
Ooh, sharp.
Uh, you know, I could probably
pin that on myself.
Let me tell you
something, Gabe.
I have a very particular
set of skills,
skills that I have acquired
over a very long career,
skills that make me a nightmare
for people like you.
Um, isn't that the Liam Neeson
speech from the movie "Taken"?
Ooh.
Look who watches
PG-13 movies.
Um...
Follow me, Gabe.
Okay.
You'll have my daughter
returned home safe,
and that'll be
the end of it, Gabe.
I will not look for you.
I will not pursue you.
But if you break curfew
or her heart,
I will look for you.
I will find you.
And I will kill you.
[ Both laugh ]
It's a great movie,
huh?
Love that line.
Anywho,
have fun tonight.
Yay!
Okay,
one last group shot.
Dora,
where's Gabe?
Um, don't know.
He said he was going
to the bathroom.
The downstairs bathroom?
'Cause I was just in there
and the window was open,
and the curtains were blowing.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
Oh, my God.
Gabe just ditched me.
Oh, no.
What?
Dad, what did you say
to Gabe?
What? Nothing.
'Cause this text says
that in the interest
of his personal safety,
he thinks it's best
if we never speak again.
[ Scoffs ]
Classic Gabe.
Always freaking out
for no reason.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
Alice: "To be absolutely clear,
I think you're great,
and the only
reason I ran
is 'cause your father
threatened to take my life."
How could you do this
to me?
'Cause I didn't want you
to go to prom.
What about Andy?
Well, i-it's different
with boys.
Dad, that's a full-on
double standard against girls.
Oh, my God!
You tried to trick me
with the Andy Rule.
Uh, hi, I'm --
I'm Andy.
Feeling like I deserve
to know the Andy rule.
No, she said,
"Andy rules." Go, Andy.
Dad said I couldn't
go to prom
unless you got a date,
which he thought
would never happen.
Andy:
Well, guess what.
Now I am standing here
with my arm around --
That's right,
all the way around --
This lovely angel,
proving you wrong.
Let's just go stand somewhere
near the street.
[ Door opens ]
I know I act all tough
and above it all...
but -- but the truth is
I really wanted to go to prom.
Thanks a lot.
**
Dora,
I'm sorry.
Please come out,
Princess.
Dora: [ Crying ]
I'm not your princess.
I'm a grown-Ass woman.
Just come out.
We-We can make milkshakes
and watch "Care Bears."
"Care Bears"?
I don't want
"Care Bears."
I want Gabe.
I love him.
All right, come on.
It's true.
I love everything
about Gabe Saperstein.
I think
it's Bernstein.
Well, whatever.
I love how he's sweet
and -- and an average height.
I love how he comes
and sings at doors.
And I love...[ Sobs ]
...how his name
is Gabe.
Yes, you clearly know
all about him.
Well, I know you can't
keep us apart!
I long for him.
You long for no boy!
The more you tell me
I can't long for him,
the longer
my longing becomes.
Okay, let's take it easy,
everybody.
What's the difference?
Dad got
what he wanted.
I'm not
going to prom.
I guess I'm the
kind of princess
who gets locked up
in a tower!
**
Be honest.
I'm horrible, right?
Eh...
Y-You're just
making a noise.
Is it a good noise?
Eh...
Yeah,
I deserved that.
It's hard for dads when
their little girls grow up.
She used to be
my little pumpkin
who'd run into my arms
when I came home
or ask me
to kiss her ouchies.
She's gone.
It's all gone.
Yeah, but now she's this
amazing young woman
who's special
in a whole new way.
Yeah,
but that's the thing.
She's gonna disappear, too.
[ Chuckles ]
I guess I thought
if I could hold off on prom
for just another year,
then, I don't know,
maybe I could
slow things down.
Yeah,
but you can't.
Yeah. I know.
So what now?
Go to her.
And tell her
to go to him.
To get him to go
with her to the prom.
Yeah, no, no,
I got it.
Okay.
Thank you.
Hey.
"Taken" dad!
No, no, no, no, no.
We're cool.
So sorry about before.
I got
totally carried away.
Gabe,
you're a sweet boy.
Dora,
take it away.
Gabe, I owe you
an apology, too.
I should've just said yes
the first time you asked.
[ Inhales sharply ]
Ah, that's why I'm here.
Um...[ Laughs ]
N-Not just -- Not just
'cause I want to go to prom,
but because I want to go
to prom with you.
Two, three, four.
* Sorry I was such
a jerk before *
* I want to go to prom,
get in the car *
* Oops, that sounded
kind of threatening *
[ Laughs ]
Sorry, this is weird.
* I'm not good
at these things *
[ Laughs ]
I know half these kids
are probably on Molly,
but it's so cute.
Ben:
Got to admit,
having some
super happy dad feels here.
Aww.
I'm glad Dora
didn't miss this.
I still can't believe
Andy isn't missing this.
Think you underestimated
both of them.
And you.
Thanks for holding my hand
while my kids are letting go.
* Deep inside I hope
you'll feel it, too *
Well, guess we should stop
creeping and head on home.
Actually...
I was thinking we could
do something else first.
[ Chuckles ]
Would you go to prom
with me?
Oh, my God, prom.
Yes, yes, yes,
yes, yes, yes, yes!
* Who wants to be with you
* I'm the one, oh
Okay.
Well, is prom everything
you hoped it would be?
Mm, it's perfect.
Clara: Uh, Andy, is that
your dad and his girlfriend?
My God,
have you no shame?!
What is wrong
with you two?!
Mary: 20-plus years
in the making,
and we finally
got our prom, girl!
Let's hit the limo
and make some mistakes!
* To be with you
* Ooh
[ Crowd cheering ]
* Yeah, you know what we about
* Partying, like, so loud
* Getting down,
like, all night, let's go *
* Tonight we step it up...
[ Crowd cheering ]
* Step it up and fly away
Oh, my God!
* Got our heads up
in the clouds *
* Oh, oh, oh
* Where tonight?
Oh, oh, oh, where tonight? *